EXT: add description with links to resource list (#1627)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/resources.md

- **scope** - either `namespace` or `cluster`. Defaults to `cluster`.
- **path** - path fragment for this resource used in the URL. Defaults to pluralized lowercase **kind**. Used to provide an alternative URL to avoid conflicts with other resources.
- **defaultPlaceholder** - to be shown in place of empty resource leaves. Overridden by the widget-level **placeholder**. Defaults to `-`.

> - **description** - display a custom description at the resource list page. It can contain links. If the translation section has a translation entry with the ID that is the same as the **description** string, the translation is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** - displays a custom description on the resource list page. It can contain links. If the translation section has a translation entry with the ID that is the same as the **description** string, the translation is used.
```

  "group": "networking.istio.io",
  "version": "v1alpha3",
  "scope": "namespace",
  "defaultPlaceholder": "- not set -",

>   "description": "See the {{[docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/busola)}} for more information."

Reviewer 2: We should either add the description using translations or add a note to the docs that it can also work with it. The translations topic is confusing for our users anyway so let's give them some guidance
